**Baimin Wang:**
- I used ChatGPT to help me construct HomePage UI using react-native. I am not familiar with all the packages included in react/react-native, ChatGPT gave great advices about which ones I should use and how to use them. For instance, **useEffect, useState** are the packages that GPT recommended me to use so I can update the content presented in HomePage asynchronously with the backend Firebase data. 
- By incorporating packages introduced by ChatGPT, I was able to construct an ideal UI for HomePage. I learned many things from chatGPT as it taught me how each variable in the stylesheet, in effect packages, means I can manipulate parameters based on the knowledge acquired. However, AI produces ambivalent content, I need to continuously run the program it provided for me to test any bugs including naming different, outdated usages, or any possible errors. Sometimes asking AI to self-correct by constantly raising questions can also be effective.

**Victor Li:**
I used ChatGPT to help me set up the unit test for Lab 5. It did generate the unit test code, but was quite useless for helping me actually set up the testing system. Ended up spending 5 hours throwing random extremely specific and esoteric bits of code from the internet at the problem until some combination of those bits apparently made it work. So I guess you could say that's a limitation of the AI. It's good at helping generate lots of surface-level, common, basic code, such as unit tests, and we definitely will be using it for those in the future, but it cannot hope to match the kind of ancient knowledge that may be found in decade old StackOverflow posts. Additionally, AI can't generate code exactly for your purpose. In the time it would take to engineer a prompt to generate the perfect code you needed that worked right out of the box, one could easily just adapt an imperfect generation to their purposes.
