We decided on using Jest as our testing library because ChatGPT recommended it for React Native apps. In retrospect, it may not have been the best choice, because there were a lot of issues getting it working due to the fact that we used TypeScript and not JavaScript. But it worked eventually. We implemented one simple unit test, which basically confirms that a certain text element renders correctly. The unit test is located in FoundIt/tests/index.test.js

For Lab 6, we implemented an end to end test, also using Jest. The test is located in FoundIt/tests/e2e.test.js. We have decided to not integrate unit or higher-level testing into our project moving forward. Every single line of code in the two tests so far has been a fight for our lives. Every inch of progress has been won with blood, death, and tears. The tests resist our every move with a malice that can only be described as supernatural - the simmering rage of an ancient beast, making strikes to bring about our downfall. The app will run perfectly, and yet the tests will scream about a thousand grievances with the mingled voices of a thousand tortured souls. Even among the deep lore books from elder eras (7 year old StackOverflow threads), scarcely can be found the knowledge to navigate the web of treachery and grief woven by the hateful tests. For these reasons, we have resolved to cease prodding the eldritch creature, for any value we may gain from such an endeavor is surely wasted on a project of this scale. We leave the quest of taming the beast to better men (actual companies who actually need testing).
